Add: Seeed Studio MR60FDA2 mmWave Sensor document (#4330)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/seeed_mr60fda2.rst

Seeed Studio MR60FDA2 60GHz mmWave Fall Detection Sensor Kit
============================================================

.. seo::
    :description: Instructions for setting up Seeed Studio MR60FDA2 60GHz mmWave Fall Detection Sensor Kit.
    :image: seeed_mr60fda2.jpg

Component/Hub
-------------

> The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` platform allows you to use Seeed Studio MR60FDA2 60GHz mmWave Fall Detection Sensor Kit with XIAO ESP32C6 (`Product Page <https://www.seeedstudio.com/MR60FDA2-60GHz-mmWave-Sensor-Fall-Detection-Module-p-5946.html>`__) with ESPHome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` platform allows you to use Seeed Studio's MR60FDA2 60GHz mmWave Fall Detection Sensor Kit with XIAO ESP32C6 (`Product Page <https://www.seeedstudio.com/MR60FDA2-60GHz-mmWave-Sensor-Fall-Detection-Module-p-5946.html>`__) with ESPHome.
```

Author: But, that's the name of our product.

The :ref:`UART <uart>` is required to be set up in your configuration for this sensor to work, ``parity`` and ``stop_bits`` **must be** respectively ``NONE`` and ``1``.

> You can use the ESP32 software or hardware serial to use this MR60FDA2, its default baud rate is 115200.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the ESP32 software or hardware (recommended) serial to use the MR60FDA2; its default baud rate is 115200.
```

Reviewer 2: I actually dont think hardware vs software is needed here. ESP32 only has hardware uart anyway

.. figure:: images/seeed_mr60fda2.jpg
    :align: center
    :width: 50.0%

    Seeed Studio MR60FDA2 60GHz mmWave Fall Detection Sensor Kit with XIAO ESP32C6

.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry
    seeed_mr60fda2:

Configuration variables:
************************

- **uart_id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Manually specify the ID of the :ref:`UART Component <uart>` if you want
  to use multiple UART buses.
- **id** (*Optional*, :ref:`config-id`): Manually specify the ID for this :doc:`seeed_mr60fda2` component if you need multiple components.

Binary Sensor
-------------

> The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` binary sensor allows you to perform different measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` binary sensor allows you to determine the presence of a human.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    binary_sensor:
      - platform: seeed_mr60fda2
        people_exist:
          name: "Person Information"

Configuration variables:
************************

> - **people_exist** (*Optional*): If true target detected, otherwise no target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **people_exist** (*Optional*): If true when target (person) is detected.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe this sensor key should be `has_target` in line with other presense sensors?

  All options from :ref:`Binary Sensor <config-binary_sensor>`.

Button
------

The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` button allows you to perform actions.

.. code-block:: yaml

    button:
      - platform: seeed_mr60fda2
        get_radar_parameters:
          name: "Get Radar Parameters"

>         reset_radar:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        factory_reset:
```

          name: "Reset"

Configuration variables:
************************

> - **reset_radar**: Restore all radar settings to factory parameters. All options from :ref:`Button <config-button>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **factory_reset**: Restore all radar settings to factory parameters. All options from :ref:`Button <config-button>`.
```

- **get_radar_parameters**: Get all the current setup parameters of the radar.
  All options from :ref:`Button <config-button>`.

Text Sensor
-----------

> The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` text sensor allows you to get information about your device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` text sensor allows you to determine information about a detected fall.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    text_sensor:
      - platform: seeed_mr60fda2
        is_fall:
          name: "Falling Information"

Configuration variables:
************************

- **is_fall** (*Optional*): Fall status indication.

>   All options from :ref:`Text Sensor <config-text_sensor>`.

Reviewer 2: This has moved to `binary_sensor`

> Select
> -----------
> 
> The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` select allows you to control the configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select
------

The ``seeed_mr60fda2`` select allows you to control the sensor's configuration.
```
